Fix up some minor spicy tutorial docs (#270)
zeek/zeek-docs: devel/spicy/tutorial.rst

request: :spicylink:`spicy::accept_input
<programming/library.html#spicy-accept-input>`. That function signals
the host application---i.e., Zeek in our case—--that the parser is
processing the expected protocol.

> First, we need to make sure the library function is imported in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, we need to make sure the Spicy standard library is imported, so that we will have its functions available:
```

Author: Sure, I did keep the filename referenced though
